Research Neuroplasticity

Discuss how understanding the principles of neuroplasticity benefits people.

Neuroplasticity is what allows our brains to adapt and recover. It is the process by which our brains are trained into learning new skills and abilities in all forms, and by which our brains may recovery from injuries such as strokes and/or concussions.

Discuss how you might engage with the principles of neuroplasticity for your benefit.

As someone who is in the mid/long-term recovery phase of a concussion, undertaking this course of study is in and of itself an engagement with the principles of neuroplasticity. I am still very much re-learning how my brain works, and how to work with it. 

With respects to the principles of neuroplasticity themselves, I can see 'interference' being a difficult one. I didn't receive any meaningful support or therapy in the short/mid-term recovery from my concussion, and would describe my experience as primarily being a frantic and stressful period of fighting to regain any sense of normality and lost functionality in order to survive. I will invariably have a great deal to unlearn, and the questionable state of my psychological health will no doubt make this particularly difficult. 

What are some of the ways to increase your neuroplasticity?

Specificity, repetition. Identifying key areas for growth and repeatedly engaging with them.

Link to a resource that you found particularly useful or engaging.

https://positivepsychology.com/neuroplasticity/
https://www.neuroskills.com/brain-injury/neuroplasticity/ten-principles-of-neuroplasticity/

Research Growth Mindset

Discuss what it is and why it is relevant.



In this exploration, did anything surprise you? Change for you?



How will you integrate growth mindset into your learning journey?



Link to a resource that you found particularly useful or engaging.



Blend with your learning plan and strategies



Reflect and discuss how these understandings may shape or influence your learning plan and strategy.


